well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to uh talk about a
talking point
that's coming from the right right now
um we're going to talk about trump biden
counties
and votes we're going to do this
because there's a whole bunch of people
right now asking the question
how could biden get more votes when
trump got more
counties now if you have
heard this from an outlet that you trust
from a pundit that you trust
please watch this video and then
consider whether or not you want to
continue going to that person for
information
okay so it's apples and oranges
the assumption there for that matter
would be that counties have the same
population
they don't they do not
they're not even close as an example
let's say that biden won la
county with just over three million
votes
because he did okay and let's say that
trump
got every person man woman and child
in the states of wyoming north dakota
and south dakota to vote for him
every single person okay that means that
he's going to get
142 counties versus biden's
one county of la
trump will end up with 2.2 2.3 million
votes
one county 142 counties
biden still wins the popular vote
counties aren't the same size they don't
have the same population
that's the reason biden can win bigger
with a smaller number of counties he
just has to make up the difference in
the population
l.a county has a larger population than
most states
particularly true of those states that
vote
for trump and again that 2.2
that trump got in this scenario that's
not
eligible voters that's not republicans
that's
every single person in the state
if you actually did the math which i'm
not doing because i don't want to
it would be even less like substantially
less
but even with the ridiculous scenario
that we've put together
here it's it's still
a blowout in favor of biden
off of one county versus 142.
this is how a lot of
the talking points surrounding the
election this is how they work
they're not grounded in reality they're
not grounded in fact
they're made up and they use different
metrics
and compare them to confuse people
if a pundit a commentator that you
follow
has pushed this idea you might want to
consider whether or not you want to
continue following them
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day